hi everybody I'm just going to do a
quick unboxing video and this is for the
canon powershot SD 1100 digital elph
camera this one I ordered off amazon com
for about two hundred and fourteen
dollars this is an 8 megapixel camera
and I chose the color pink so let's get
started so basically this has a
three-time optical zoom with optical
image stabilizer it has a 2.5 LCD screen
so I'm going to go ahead and open this
up so what you get is basically the
warranty information and you have you
know the software instruction manuals
lot of manual so I guess one of them is
in Spanish Netherlands in English you
have your cables as well as your USB
cable as well and you have the battery
with a 32 SD card think this is the
battery so it comes with a 30 to SD card
you have a charger and the camera so
I'll go ahead and get it wow it's really
nice i like it's like a brushed pink
color and that is the screen right there
it's really nice so that is my unboxing
video what I'm going to do is I'm going
to do a review of this you know once I
start using it and you know i'll keep
you guys posted well if you have any
questions let me know okay i'll talk to
later bye